

4/14/2020 - joining weekly team meeting
4/14/2020 - weekly meeting done
4/14/2020 - in daily standup.  reported I will start on backend for landing page today + finish setting up new computer
4/14/2020 - standup done
4/14/2020 - in 1:1 chat now
4/14/2020 - 1:1 done
4/14/2020 - finishing up some local env config
4/14/2020 - ok the env is totally setup now, breaking for lunch
4/14/2020 - lunch done
4/14/2020 - forgot about mysql, installing that real quick
4/14/2020 - mysql configured again
4/14/2020 - started working on landing page content type
4/14/2020 - bunch of problems with drush (of all things), the site loads fine tho
4/14/2020 - omg it finally stopped throwing errors, it works, I'm so happy
4/14/2020 - landing page ct doesn't have much going on.  possibly the most difficult part will be the child pages, tho maybe not
=====================
2020-04-15 08:14:34.684708 -06:00
=====================
4/15/2020 - working on landing page ct
4/15/2020 - think this content type is built
4/15/2020 - will be spending some time double checking everything but this one was pretty simple
4/15/2020 - grabbing coffee before standup
4/15/2020 - coffee not done boo, going to standup anyways
4/15/2020 - seems like there is a lot of work on my plate despite me being new to everything and not being the most productive yet.  interesting strategy
4/15/2020 - getting uat PR up for landing page CT
4/15/2020 - pr submitted but not ready for review because I want to proof it myself on the preview instance first
4/15/2020 - snack time
4/15/2020 - looks good in my testing
4/15/2020 - asked don and heena for review
4/15/2020 - next will be 27284, homepage content type
4/15/2020 - starting 27284 while I wait for reviews
4/15/2020 - lunching
4/15/2020 - lunch done
4/15/2020 - merging to uat + master now
4/15/2020 - waiting for don to review the master merge PR (he's offline atm), will continue working on next task until he approves
4/15/2020 - back on homepage ct
4/15/2020 - confirming my plan to build the homepage content types (one for FA one for FD) with heena before I start
4/15/2020 - good to proceed.  if there are a number of similar fields between the two and only one or two differences, we can control their display via managing dependencies
4/15/2020 - team 2 epics review meeting coming up at 2
4/15/2020 - think I will build 2 separate homepage content types because they don't share any fields (except for the standard ones) and appear to have vastly different kinds of content anyways
4/15/2020 - joining team 2 epics review meeting
4/15/2020 - meeting done
4/15/2020 - working on FD homepage first
4/15/2020 - didn't get the FD homepage ct fully setup but most of the way there, will finish tomorrow
4/15/2020 - heading home
=====================
2020-04-16 08:01:28.762549 -06:00
=====================
4/16/2020 - prepping for the day
4/16/2020 - been working on the FD content type
4/16/2020 - coffee time
4/16/2020 - back
4/16/2020 - also have to review 102 today
4/16/2020 - think it would be dumb to build specific named callout blocks, I'll bounce some ideas off heena since she is online
4/16/2020 - going to build it as a numerically indexed array instead, better for content authors (fewer fields) but will have to be sure to account for this type on the front end
4/16/2020 - not super sure how to do that right now.  think I may need 2 paragraphs, one that says 'you can have 4 of these other paragraph types' and another that actually contains the fields.  will play with it for a bit
4/16/2020 - in standup/aflca planning meetings
4/16/2020 - meetings are done, been working on setting up the FA homepage.  was working on FD homepage, but apparently that's a part of some other task (mine does not specify which homepage, just that the homepage CT be built) but its not a big change to do the FA content type instead
4/16/2020 - calling sun life real quick to see why my new account is already suspended
4/16/2020 - got sunlife sorted
4/16/2020 - think I have the callout section done right, double checking with heena
4/16/2020 - lunching
4/16/2020 - done
4/16/2020 - working on fitness homepage again
4/16/2020 - heena hasn't responded yet but that's ok, I will keep going with this page so I can get it done
4/16/2020 - news section for FA homepage is kind of ambiguous, asked cassidy if it is required in the content model
4/16/2020 - think the rest looks good, used fieldset groups to visually group the fields that didn't automatically get a title (for some reason)
4/16/2020 - I will submit this for uat review today
4/16/2020 - aflca weekly meeting in 10
4/16/2020 - created PR but haven't asked for review yet cuz I want to see how it works on the preview site first
4/16/2020 - also listening in on the weekly aflca meeting w/team and client
4/16/2020 - meeting done
4/16/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-04-17 08:03:09.485262 -06:00
=====================
4/17/2020 - prepping for the day
4/17/2020 - prepped, coffee, time
4/17/2020 - laptop keeps restarting randomly (once a day at most, and usually at night anyways so nbd), all I can do is report it to apple so that's what I've done
4/17/2020 - there is an error caused by some config that I didn't add/commit, appear to have been added by heena and merged into this uat branch (by me)
4/17/2020 - asked in chat, think I have to wait for heena
4/17/2020 - I will move on to 27232 in the mean time
4/17/2020 - 27232 is basic content page front end
4/17/2020 - joining weekly wrapup
4/17/2020 - daily standup next
4/17/2020 - I was a bit overzealous with adding changes so I just need to remove that file from my PR, np
4/17/2020 - restoring an old commit is easy in vscode + gitlens, just find the commit, right click and restore - then commit and push
4/17/2020 - that fixed the issue, double checking on preview now
4/17/2020 - reviewing 102
4/17/2020 - note to self, position dates should not be null? are all jobs fixed term?
4/17/2020 - would not post a job without populating position end date field.  also didn't like my 'custom' location, but the auto-pop options didn't pop fast enough when I clicked on the field
4/17/2020 - QA passes as far as I can tell, front end is pretty janky but I think this is just backend
4/17/2020 - I guess qa failed cuz heena has created a new task to fix the bug I found, oh well.  will continue with the review anyways
4/17/2020 - it's just all config, not really much point to doing a code review when there is no code
4/17/2020 - will qa locally as well
4/17/2020 - approved 102, task created to address the bug I found
4/17/2020 - working on feedback from review
4/17/2020 - removed the field mentioned by heena in https://git.yellowpencil.com/yellowpencil/AFLCA/pull/103#pullrequestreview-8741
4/17/2020 - lunching
4/17/2020 - done
4/17/2020 - done
4/17/2020 - working on feeback again
4/17/2020 - nope, reviewing 104 to unblock heena
4/17/2020 - qa'd, bug still present (this just merges the contents of 102 into master), approved because we agreed it would be addressed in a future pr
4/17/2020 - working on feedback again
4/17/2020 - re-requested review as it passes my QA
4/17/2020 - nope, I didn't implement heena's feedback so it's not ready to go yet
4/17/2020 - realized I was committing changes to the uat-integration branch instead of feature, cherry picked the changes into the proper branch
4/17/2020 - going to try renaming all the instances of 'fit_directory_homepage' to 'fitness_alberta_homepage' w/grep/sed/something
4/17/2020 - ok that should have worked, lets test
4/17/2020 - HAHA FABULOUS not enough memory to run csim locally, lets see what preview does
4/17/2020 - fixed the merge conflict and am sooo close to seeing it in preview
4/17/2020 - nope, apparently content types cannot be renamed wtf
4/17/2020 - struggling through some git issues because I want to revert the new commits but doing this on the cli is irritating
4/17/2020 - chat with terry done
4/17/2020 - may need to just rebuild this ugh
4/17/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-04-20 08:04:00.551548 -06:00
=====================
4/20/2020 - prepping for the day
4/20/2020 - prepping for the day
4/20/2020 - prepping for the day
4/20/2020 - prepping for the day
4/20/2020 - prepping for the day
4/20/2020 - prepping for the day
4/20/2020 - at this point I think it would be quicker to rebuild the content type with the correct name.  shouldn't take that long, the paragraph types don't need to be rebuilt
4/20/2020 - done I think, creating a new branch now
4/20/2020 - note to self: do timesheets for last week
4/20/2020 - weekly meeting and standup coming up
4/20/2020 - in weekly meeting
4/20/2020 - ok rebuild done, submitted for review (perhaps too soon but I will test in prevew when it builds first)
4/20/2020 - in drupal meeting now
4/20/2020 - lunching
4/20/2020 - computer restarted because of an error again :|
4/20/2020 - reviewed heena's pr to add CTA block to her previous PR
4/20/2020 - approved it as well
4/20/2020 - see a response to my question about the news section on the homepage in the content model
4/20/2020 - ok I need to add a field that allows you to choose up to 4 articles to be featured
4/20/2020 - nope, misread.  news articles can already be pushed to the front page, actually pulling them in will be something I do on a different task I think
4/20/2020 - pushing a few small changes heena noticed for review
4/20/2020 - merging to uat now
4/20/2020 - made PR for merge to master
4/20/2020 - logt
4/20/2020 - starting new task officially, unlike all those false starts last week
4/20/2020 - switching to log time real quick
4/20/2020 - back on basic page FE
4/20/2020 - setting up a content page so I can style it
4/20/2020 - shooting a random video of the backyard real quick so I have a video to test with
4/20/2020 - content setup
4/20/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-04-21 08:05:15.364062 -06:00
=====================
=====================
2020-04-21 08:05:46.312169 -06:00
=====================
4/21/2020 - coffee
4/21/2020 - been working on front end, trying to familiarize myself with file locations
4/21/2020 - booked a meeting with don to go over some front end stuff right after standup
4/21/2020 - chatting with kim about work/workload stuff
4/21/2020 - standup done
4/21/2020 - don can't meet until the afternoon so I'm going to ping the front end dev channel
4/21/2020 - rescheduled to 1pm
4/21/2020 - reading some tutorials on drupal theme development so I have some knowledge when I chat with don
4/21/2020 - theme files are in theme>templates
4/21/2020 - theme debugger on (still, even tho I switched computers) huzzah
4/21/2020 - theme debugger on (still, even tho I switched computers) huzzah
4/21/2020 - lunching
4/21/2020 - lunch done
4/21/2020 - think I figured out how to edit the sass/js, npm run build-dev
4/21/2020 - note to self, we should decide ahead of time what paragraphs we want to build so we don't have 2 or more devs working on the 3 versions of the same thing
4/21/2020 - don has not shared his repo yet, but once he does there is a lot of work done in there so it should go pretty smooth
4/21/2020 - bugged don about it, he seems busy
4/21/2020 - reviewing his pr while I wait
4/21/2020 - QA'd and reviewed, no review comments and passes QA
4/21/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-04-22 08:07:37.659823 -06:00
=====================
=====================
2020-04-22 08:08:28.956866 -06:00
=====================
4/22/2020 - prepping for the day
4/22/2020 - done, grabbing coffee
4/22/2020 - there is a problem with browsersync, it just hangs
4/22/2020 - sort of fixed it by setting up the site which is supposed to be proxied by browsersync but isn't for reasons unknown, doesn't matter as I can view the site now
4/22/2020 - not seeing a basic page yet so I asked don to make sure
4/22/2020 - in standup now
4/22/2020 - done
4/22/2020 - back on basic page layout
4/22/2020 - working through some 'not enough memory' errors while trying to dump a var to see it's contents
4/22/2020 - wow even 1GB isn't enough?? this is nuts
4/22/2020 - trying to inspect the paragraphs template variable so I can style each one differently
4/22/2020 - fixed by changing config to use symfony var-dumper instead of kint
4/22/2020 - ok so dpm doesn't give me what I need because it doesn't have the right data, so I will try another approach
4/22/2020 - checking to see if the byol meeting is a thing this week
4/22/2020 - I don't think so, there is no hangout for it
4/22/2020 - lunching
4/22/2020 - been working on basic page again, lunch done for a while
4/22/2020 - been working on basic page again, lunch done for a while
4/22/2020 - lots of struggling to find the right name to override a specific template.  I assume this will all make sense eventually
4/22/2020 - making a small bit of progress.  things aren't polished, but it is coming along
4/22/2020 - randall acknowledged my note that things are taking longer than expected and we should reach out for help from other teams if we haven't done that yet
4/22/2020 - working on the CTA section currently.  going well but slow
4/22/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-04-23 07:56:23.050890 -06:00
=====================
4/23/2020 - prepping for the day
4/23/2020 - done, working on basic page FE again
4/23/2020 - running into a problem with how I built the CTAs.  asking for clarification from cassidy before I do anything.  basically, they can't be part of the body content field because they need to stretch to 100% page width, and the article-content wrapper element limits width to 576px
4/23/2020 - easiest solution is for content authors to only have one CTA, then it can live outside the body content group.  would that result in elements being rendered outside the article-content div?  I don't know yet, that's the next hurdle
4/23/2020 - coffee time
4/23/2020 - back
4/23/2020 - standup in 5 mins
4/23/2020 - sorting out what things need to be moved around because I am slow (still learning, not feeling bad about my progress at this point)
4/23/2020 - sam is taking certifications and randall is trying to get alfie to do jobs, I just have to focus on the FE for the content types I already made for now.  still feels possible to get that done before end of month
4/23/2020 - in aflca prep meeting now
4/23/2020 - prep done
4/23/2020 - working on basic page FE again
4/23/2020 - blocked by cassidy on the CTA module, until she responds to my slack message
4/23/2020 - in brunch and learn now
4/23/2020 - brunch and learn done.  lunching now
4/23/2020 - lunch done for a bit, working on basic page again
4/23/2020 - finished the CTA 'module' and got a good start on the certification steps one
4/23/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-04-24 08:03:10.685122 -06:00
=====================
4/24/2020 - prepping for the day
4/24/2020 - think the image module is done but will need to test it out some more
4/24/2020 - weekly recap coming up in 5
4/24/2020 - meetings done
4/24/2020 - meetings done
4/24/2020 - meetings done
4/24/2020 - meetings done
4/24/2020 - meetings done
4/24/2020 - meetings done
4/24/2020 - been working on the certification steps module for a bit
4/24/2020 - lunching
4/24/2020 - working on the certification steps module
4/24/2020 - got the font from lauren, finishing up the cert steps section now
4/24/2020 - cert steps are mostly done
4/24/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-04-27 08:04:35.434302 -06:00
=====================
4/27/2020 - prepping for the day
4/27/2020 - done
4/27/2020 - finishing up cert steps module
4/27/2020 - coffee time
4/27/2020 - back
4/27/2020 - working on cert module again
4/27/2020 - content model and design are out of sync apparently, I just noticed and have asked for clarification from cassidy
4/27/2020 - weekly meeting done
4/27/2020 - updating my timesheets whoops
4/27/2020 - also doing the FE touchpoint meeting w/lauren, sam, don
4/27/2020 - meeting is done, getting some answers on what changes need to be made to the content model/design
4/27/2020 - lunching
4/27/2020 - just got invited to a CoE waste meeting so I'll listen in on that at 2pm
4/27/2020 - sitting in on dylan's presentation now
4/27/2020 - this sounds like a really cool project.  big service integration kind of thing, with some client interfaces to that as well
4/27/2020 - demos are really cool, all POC right now
4/27/2020 - the backend of the proto stuff is django.  prod may be laravel
4/27/2020 - meeting done
4/27/2020 - been working on some fixes to the certification steps module
4/27/2020 - in particular, some weirdness due to flexbox, and minor font tweaking
4/27/2020 - am going to try rotating the outer oval programmatically for funsies
4/27/2020 - nah lets abandon that, not as quick as I thought it would be and its not really important anyways
4/27/2020 - cert steps section is done, making changes to video block based on discussions with team
4/27/2020 - text/image/title block re-implemented and done on FE
4/27/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-04-28 08:05:50.611800 -06:00
=====================
4/28/2020 - prepping for the day
4/28/2020 - prepping for the day
4/28/2020 - submitting a claim for contacts real quick
4/28/2020 - done
4/28/2020 - finishing up the image module now
4/28/2020 - pushing to uat for testing and review
4/28/2020 - coffee time
4/28/2020 - getting my pr setup
4/28/2020 - daily standup in 5 mins
4/28/2020 - in standup now
4/28/2020 - standup done
4/28/2020 - merging uat into my integration branch, some merge conflicts to fix first
4/28/2020 - PR ready for review, requested rev from don
4/28/2020 - preview won't build because the certification_steps paragraph has been removed for some reason, lets add it back?
4/28/2020 - asking if there is a replacement alternative implementation for it, its only missing on uat
4/28/2020 - coe waste kickoff in 2 mins
4/28/2020 - in kickoff
4/28/2020 - meeting done.  nothing for me yet
4/28/2020 - lunching
4/28/2020 - nope, had 1:1 chat with kim instead.  lunching noww
4/28/2020 - heena deleted it accidentally, I will re-add the missing paragraph from my files
4/28/2020 - argh am I missing a file or what
4/28/2020 - ugh just do it just do what I tell you to do ughhh
4/28/2020 - ok it worked finally
4/28/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-04-29 07:59:37.877122 -06:00
=====================
4/29/2020 - prepping for the day
4/29/2020 - waiting on review
4/29/2020 - I will start on my next FE task in the short term
4/29/2020 - nope, don has some feedback in slack for me
4/29/2020 - working on has change suggestions now
4/29/2020 - standup in 5 mins
4/29/2020 - in standup now
4/29/2020 - standup done for a bit.  working on don's feedback
4/29/2020 - the new hero module doesn't use page title or meta description fields, asked don if that's expected
4/29/2020 - it is apparently, some page titles won't be the same as the hero image text
4/29/2020 - fixes done, sent to don for review again
4/29/2020 - lunching
4/29/2020 - starting landing page ct
4/29/2020 - setting up the landing page template now
4/29/2020 - team 2 epics review in 5 mins
4/29/2020 - epic review done quick, nice
4/29/2020 - working on landing page FE again
4/29/2020 - holy shit git/our git process is fucking annoying the shit out of me.  I don't want to merge 3 changes, git's like NOPE YOU HAVE TO
4/29/2020 - I have almost no idea how to fix this
4/29/2020 - there appear to be committed conflicts?? from files that I didn't modify?????
=====================
2020-04-30 08:09:51.750918 -06:00
=====================
4/30/2020 - prepping for the day
4/30/2020 - been working on the landing page, good progress
4/30/2020 - pushed landing page FE pr to uat
4/30/2020 - coffee time before standup
4/30/2020 - in standup
4/30/2020 - I am going to demo landing page and basic page in the meeting today (working late)
4/30/2020 - landing page is good to review now
4/30/2020 - I will be doing my timesheet too
4/30/2020 - don approved my pr so it can go to master now yay
4/30/2020 - bugged don for an approval on 130
4/30/2020 - asked sam for review cuz don is busy
4/30/2020 - monthly retro in 10 mins
4/30/2020 - testing what I have so far on IE11 pc
4/30/2020 - installing ngrok first as the external url provided by browserstack doesn't seem to work
4/30/2020 - ok at long last it loads in ie via ngrok, but the grid thing doesn't work ugh
4/30/2020 - merged to uat.  PR for master is 131
4/30/2020 - meeting didn't happen as client didn't show
4/30/2020 - I have a couple minor bugs to fix on uat tomorrow? weird ones, documented in issue
4/30/2020 - filling out timesheet now
4/30/2020 - timesheet done, heading out
=====================
2020-05-01 08:01:22.465890 -06:00
=====================
5/1/2020 - prepping for the day
5/1/2020 - been working on UAT bugs
5/1/2020 - I believe the problems are caused by caching/old templates
5/1/2020 - clear cache in config > dev > perf didn't do anything
5/1/2020 - I am blocked fixing this until someone else comes online
5/1/2020 - in weekly wrapup since 1000
5/1/2020 - standup in 5
5/1/2020 - have a PR up to fix the issues I see on UAT, will be QAing myself before I ask for other reviews
5/1/2020 - odd, the image block isn't fixed?
5/1/2020 - lunching
5/1/2020 - lunch done for a while
5/1/2020 - fixed the bugs and merged to master
5/1/2020 - reviewing heena's PRs
5/1/2020 - have a meeting with randall regarding what I should work on next in 10
5/1/2020 - in chat with randall/heena now, aflca next steps
5/1/2020 - I'm going to reach out to cassidy for a chat about reports on monday
5/1/2020 - meeting done
5/1/2020 - backend dev meeting at 3
5/1/2020 - backend dev meeting over, heading out
=====================
2020-05-04 08:06:50.335715 -06:00
=====================
5/4/2020 - prepping for the day
5/4/2020 - prepping for the day
5/4/2020 - coffee time
5/4/2020 - back
5/4/2020 - weekly team meeting in 10
5/4/2020 - weekly meeting done, standup in 2 mins
5/4/2020 - in standup
5/4/2020 - standup done, checking if we will meet right away to discuss reports
5/4/2020 - aflca reports chat done, I have a few things to go on
5/4/2020 - I will do some thinking about how reports could function.  currently we have no direction other than what reports they already have, so we're taking this opportunity to come up with a couple alternatives.  maybe new UIs, maybe just 1 report instead of several, maybe we reduce the number of reports down to what we think are useful, etc
5/4/2020 - cassidy and I will meet on wednesday after standup to discuss what I come up with (I think 2-3 options is ideal), sounds like its kind of an open book at this point
5/4/2020 - lunching
5/4/2020 - lunch done for a while, working on alternative report ideas
5/4/2020 - question we are trying to solve is, what is useful about reports?
5/4/2020 - spent a lot of time formulating some ideas here, will move on to other tasks tomorrow and share with cassidy on wednesday
5/4/2020 - in aflca weekly checkin now
5/4/2020 - demo went ok but there is a cross browser bug affecting chrome on the overlay of the image in the title/text/image block
5/4/2020 - discussing reports now, notes to follow if they are relevant to my thoughts
5/4/2020 - date specific, certification specific, status specific - these are fields/config values
5/4/2020 - streamlining to make reports list easier is gooood
5/4/2020 - should it connect to constant contact?
5/4/2020 - confidence in the current system is important. they want to be sure that the data is correct each time (obviously, reports are important).  not too much automation
5/4/2020 - I think they'll like the report builder
5/4/2020 - data that is sent out automatically (ie recertifications, membership updates, etc) does not require a report anymore
5/4/2020 - a member may have up to 3 expiry dates
5/4/2020 - meeting done
5/4/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-05-05 08:18:33.567718 -06:00
=====================
5/5/2020 - prepping for the day
5/5/2020 - prepped, coffee time
5/5/2020 - back
5/5/2020 - working on the chrome bug
5/5/2020 - pushed a PR to get a preview link to see if it worked, I can't seem to reproduce the issue locally for some reason
5/5/2020 - in standup
5/5/2020 - requested review from don
5/5/2020 - fix merged to uat and master
5/5/2020 - on unpublish profiles after cert expires now
5/5/2020 - lunching
5/5/2020 - lunch done for a while.  sprint planning now
5/5/2020 - sprint planning done, I am mainly on CoE w/some AFLCA things to clean up first (there are no CoE tasks yet)
5/5/2020 - been working on this, no significant process yet, still figuring out the right place for this change
5/5/2020 - may have to ping heena about this, I'm not sure whats been done on the fit directory so far
5/5/2020 - confirmed this task can't be done yet, moved to backlog
5/5/2020 - will start with the member profile listing task like a smart person instead of a task that depends on this one first
5/5/2020 - heading out, stayed a bit late yesterday
=====================
2020-05-06 08:14:29.057724 -06:00
=====================
5/6/2020 - prepping for the day
5/6/2020 - prepping for the day
5/6/2020 - coffee time
5/6/2020 - haven't had much to work on as I am waiting on more info for my next tasks (have a meeting setup this morning)
5/6/2020 - standup in 5
5/6/2020 - in reports meeting
5/6/2020 - reports meeting done
5/6/2020 - fit directory meeting in 5
5/6/2020 - don reported an issue he's having with drush, can't import because some of the fields I added/modified are missing?? how does this happen wtf
5/6/2020 - pulled them off uat, pushing to master pr now
5/6/2020 - does aflca want multiple domains, or have FD live under fitnessalberta.ca/fit-directory

5/6/2020 - we will need to answer that before proceeding with dev on member listing
5/6/2020 - I can actually setup a view in the short term, my last comment was a lie
5/6/2020 - believe I have fixed the bug don raised
5/6/2020 - FD meeting is done.  we will present some options to the client for where FD will live (URL wise)
5/6/2020 - lunching
5/6/2020 - lunch done, working on the member listing view
5/6/2020 - some progress being made, but am not very familiar with drupal views so lots of googling happening too
5/6/2020 - I don't seem to have the user fields needed to build the memberlist somehow, discussed with heena and maybe the fact I can't import right now is part of the problem.  Fixing that now and then will try importing again
5/6/2020 - figured it out on a call with heena, I am now setup to start building the view (have all the fields, the fact I hadn't run csim in a while kind of screwed me)
5/6/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-05-07 08:05:29.699799 -06:00
=====================
5/7/2020 - prepping for the day
5/7/2020 - prepping for the day
5/7/2020 - prepping for the day
5/7/2020 - coffee time
5/7/2020 - standup in 5
5/7/2020 - have been working on this for most of the morning, running into some things I don't understand (I want a dropdown for each filter, but some render as text fields) but some progress is being made
5/7/2020 - standup done
5/7/2020 - working on member list again
5/7/2020 - reviewing this for a bit of a break
5/7/2020 - approved, all relevant files included in the pr and works locally
5/7/2020 - on member list
5/7/2020 - drupal meeting finished, reviewing don's PR now
5/7/2020 - lunch one for a while, actually reviewing don's pr now
5/7/2020 - in aflca weekly meeting now
5/7/2020 - aflca meeting done
5/7/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-05-08 08:11:06.287004 -06:00
=====================
5/8/2020 - prepped for the day, reviewing the db migration notes don posted in slack
5/8/2020 - there are some odd errors popping up since I switched branches, something about webform not being installed??

5/8/2020 - the errors appear to be circular and make no sense.  I will ask for help after weekly wrapup
5/8/2020 - in weekly wrapup
5/8/2020 - prepping agenda for UAT chat w/Clare
5/8/2020 - in UAT chat now
5/8/2020 - lunching
5/8/2020 - lunch done, working on view
5/8/2020 - coe waste meeting in 10
5/8/2020 - coe waste meeting done
5/8/2020 - working on view + filters again
5/8/2020 - good progress made, will finish up on monday likely
5/8/2020 - doing timesheet
=====================
2020-05-11 08:07:57.164787 -06:00
=====================
5/11/2020 - preparing for the day
5/11/2020 - preparing for the day
5/11/2020 - working on memberlist view
5/11/2020 - some progress being made, learning more about flexbox and grid to build this list view
5/11/2020 - weekly meeting in 5, then standup after that
5/11/2020 - both meetings done
5/11/2020 - reviewing the coe waste kickoff deck real quick
5/11/2020 - done, I have nothing to add at this time
5/11/2020 - asked heena how to hide filter labels the 'proper' way
5/11/2020 - lunching
5/11/2020 - back
5/11/2020 - on list view again, its a grid now yay progress
5/11/2020 - after discussing with don, there is an easier way to do this whole thing - I've rebuilt it to follow the pattern we're already using for jobs/news
5/11/2020 - more or less setup, tho I wonder how to customize the filters? or if I have to?
5/11/2020 - waiting on heena for a question about view filters, but she's out for the rest of the day so I will finish up tomorrow
5/11/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-05-12 08:16:12.763796 -06:00
=====================
5/12/2020 - prepping for the day
5/12/2020 - prepping for the day
5/12/2020 - prepping for the day
5/12/2020 - prepping for the day
5/12/2020 - prepping for the day
5/12/2020 - prepping for the day
5/12/2020 - prepping for the day
5/12/2020 - prepping for the day
5/12/2020 - prepping for the day
5/12/2020 - prepping for the day
5/12/2020 - prepping for the day
5/12/2020 - prepping for the day
5/12/2020 - prepping for the day
5/12/2020 - prepping for the day
5/12/2020 - prepping for the day
5/12/2020 - testing
5/12/2020 - testing
5/12/2020 - testing
5/12/2020 - testing
5/12/2020 - testing
5/12/2020 - testing
5/12/2020 - testing
5/12/2020 - testing
5/12/2020 - testing
5/12/2020 - testing
=====================
2020-05-13 08:19:36.136236 -06:00
=====================
5/13/2020 - prepping for the day
5/13/2020 - prepping for the day
5/13/2020 - what
5/13/2020 - testing
5/13/2020 - prepping for the day
5/13/2020 - vscode updated, reviewing readme
5/13/2020 - trying out a new journal, called jupyter
5/13/2020 - working on member list, focusing on displaying the member info blobs
5/13/2020 - standup in 3

5/13/2020 - note to self, break down the reports task after this meeting
5/13/2020 - breaking down reports task now
5/13/2020 - have a breakdown done, shared with don to see if I missed anything but will just proceed as-is if he doesn't respond after I'm done eating
5/13/2020 - lunching
5/13/2020 - back for a bit, working on making subtasks for this
5/13/2020 - ok well I'm asking questions and no one is responding to me, maybe they're all on lunch
5/13/2020 - was waiting to hear from people about the estimate but no response, so I'm just making tickets now
5/13/2020 - done and notified randall
5/13/2020 - working on styling the member fields again
5/13/2020 - asked heena about the member profile save issues
5/13/2020 - so heena appears to be offline still
5/13/2020 - ooh she responded, reviewing now
5/13/2020 - so I just have to add taxonomy terms, it isn't an issue on prod or anything cuz that will always have data
5/13/2020 - making progress on the member blobs
5/13/2020 - lots done
5/13/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-05-14 08:08:15.720562 -06:00
=====================
5/14/2020 - prepping for the day
5/14/2020 - prepping for the day
5/14/2020 - wow been heads down working on this listing page all morning, no time for logging apparently
5/14/2020 - there is some confusion around the two sets of filters, heena and don are looking into it.  filters should be associated with the view tho, not the content type/template
5/14/2020 - sorting out who can export me an image from zeplin
5/14/2020 - sounds like its lauren
5/14/2020 - getting the real filters setup, don has a PR up to remove the extra set
5/14/2020 - note to self, don has a PR I need to review after lunch
5/14/2020 - lunching before CoE kickoff at 1
5/14/2020 - in coe kickoff
5/14/2020 - meeting done - https://www.evernote.com/l/ANvgQPdirptDXJTxcG_tyWypxNPTbUfikLY
5/14/2020 - reviewing don's pr now
5/14/2020 - review done, one comment but it is approved
5/14/2020 - back on member list/profile
5/14/2020 - only thing left is the pager
5/14/2020 - which is configured correctly but refuses to display for reasons unknown
5/14/2020 - pulled master and everything appears to be gone?? have reached out to don, something in his most recent PR broke everything (may be an easy fix, but I didn't review it so I dunno what it is)
=====================
2020-05-15 08:11:16.948620 -06:00
=====================
5/15/2020 - prepping for the day
5/15/2020 - just found out why the pager wasn't working, had overwritten a default setting on block configuration
5/15/2020 - restored the member list, the PR completely replaced the content with some default stuff.  the offending filters are in page.listing apparently, checking where that data comes from now
5/15/2020 - exporting the view stuff now, then moving on to member profile
5/15/2020 - weekly wrapup in 2
5/15/2020 - standup in 2
5/15/2020 - standup done
5/15/2020 - been working on this since standup, just starting
5/15/2020 - lunching
5/15/2020 - lunch done for a bit
5/15/2020 - been working on member profile page
5/15/2020 - asked in FE chat if we have similar sites with member profiles (see how they did it in the past).  no response yet, but am moving ahead by modifying blocks so I don't stay blocked
5/15/2020 - backend pam in 8
5/15/2020 - meeting done
5/15/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-05-19 08:13:03.563514 -06:00
=====================
5/19/2020 - prepped for the day, been working on member profile

5/19/2020 - in weekly meeting now
5/19/2020 - weekly done, standup in 2
5/19/2020 - meetings done for a bit
5/19/2020 - been working on member profile FE since then
5/19/2020 - merged to UAT
5/19/2020 - moved cards to QA flow and notified clare they're ready to qa
5/19/2020 - back on this
5/19/2020 - setting up a page for clare to test
5/19/2020 - had to make another small PR to fix the number of profiles per page, was set to 2 for testing
5/19/2020 - lunching

5/19/2020 - been working on final tweaks to member profile

5/19/2020 - have asked don if there is a not shitty way of doing this contact section because all the ways I have tried are shitty
5/19/2020 - did not have that chat with don yet, will do tomorrow
5/19/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-05-20 08:40:14.059259 -06:00
=====================
5/20/2020 - productive chat with don regarding alternatives to building the member profile page
5/20/2020 - may be a solution, but it means all the template work I've done so far will be blown away.  will try it and see what happens
5/20/2020 - the solutions don & I discussed won't work because drupal sends HTML as a string to views instead of data most of the time.  tried asking kim, she is busy, so have pinged drupal chat.  then found a new potential solution in something called chaos tools user entity view
5/20/2020 - chatting with terry, think I am on the right track now
5/20/2020 - there are some seriously weird problems with the drupal api.  if I try to print/dump user.user_picture it complains about a target_id field not being set or something??
5/20/2020 - good progress on new build, will be done today barring any big issues
5/20/2020 - lunching quick
5/20/2020 - epic review in 2
5/20/2020 - epic review was a bit rough but I'm doing the best I can and people acknowledged that, we just need to be better at accounting for learning
5/20/2020 - working on member profile again
5/20/2020 - ok got the contact section finished, fixing member list now so I can get that merged and use it's styles for certified and location
5/20/2020 - done and ready for clare to QA.  after that passes I will merge to master, then merge those changes into my feature branch for member profile.  in the mean time I still have to list specializations and, soon, implement location and certification styles
5/20/2020 - CoE meeting in 3
5/20/2020 - in CoE meeting now
5/20/2020 - meeting done, was doing a bit of coordination w/clare to push some qa things forward while I listened
5/20/2020 - working on member profile
5/20/2020 - was going to merge member list but its still being qa'd, will do that tomorrow morning instead
5/20/2020 - long day, heading out
=====================
2020-05-21 08:13:17.716021 -06:00
=====================
5/21/2020 - prepping for the day
5/21/2020 - converted some subtasks to cards so I can push 27272 into master (I need some of the styles for 27271)
5/21/2020 - ok, 27272 PR is now in progress, once I get an approval I can finish 27271
5/21/2020 - triaged emails, responded to one about alfresco? for coe waste
5/21/2020 - coffee time
5/21/2020 - back
5/21/2020 - standup in 5
5/21/2020 - almost have specializations done, which is last component of member profile, yay.  <1hr work remaining
5/21/2020 - morning meetings done
5/21/2020 - getting the paragraph entities into the profile page is a bit nuts
5/21/2020 - I keep running into this ref called target_id which seems to be only good for getting a circular reference
5/21/2020 - at long last, there is a PR for review
5/21/2020 - lunching
5/21/2020 - lunch done
5/21/2020 - booking a meeting to discuss reports and starting doc on my own thoughts for this feature
5/21/2020 - in reports tech discussion now
5/21/2020 - try building with views first
5/21/2020 - yes I think views will work, am working on a very quick prototype now
5/21/2020 - not sure how to implement a calendar selector yet, default is just text parsing and works for prototyping
5/21/2020 - aflca weekly meeting in 10
5/21/2020 - in aflca meeting
5/21/2020 - aflca meeting done
5/21/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-05-22 08:16:36.965079 -06:00
=====================
5/22/2020 - prepping for the day
5/22/2020 - coffee time
5/22/2020 - back
5/22/2020 - on reports, member fitness email sub view
5/22/2020 - coe ephesoft meeting in 10
5/22/2020 - looking at alfresco
5/22/2020 - ephesoft meeting done, in weekly wrapup
5/22/2020 - wrapup and standup done
5/22/2020 - wrapup and standup done
5/22/2020 - working on reports, email subscribers, again
5/22/2020 - lunching
5/22/2020 - back for a bit.  installing a module to export data from a view
5/22/2020 - good progress so far, just trying to figure out how to get the download buttons to show
5/22/2020 - exporting and committing the changes I've made so far
5/22/2020 - noticed I was trying to merge my member profile branch all wrong, fixed it
5/22/2020 - finishing up for the day by completing my timesheet for the last 2 weeks
=====================
2020-05-25 08:16:36.725911 -06:00
=====================
5/25/2020 - prepped for the day
5/25/2020 - finally found the config documentation for the view plugin and set it up, will need to make some changes (and install excel - because numbers sucks) but seems to be working
5/25/2020 - rest of day is basically all meetings
5/25/2020 - so.. the export plugin is terrible.  it creates a file without an extension, which won't open in numbers and won't open properly in excel
5/25/2020 - nah it just needed the extension added to the path, weird config reqiurement but must have missed it in the docs
5/25/2020 - in weekly meeting
5/25/2020 - weekly meeting over
5/25/2020 - checking the review don asked for, if it can be done in 15 I'll do it now
5/25/2020 - joined kaizen committee
5/25/2020 - approved after a short discussion
5/25/2020 - in daily standup now
5/25/2020 - in aflca meeting now
5/25/2020 - chat(s) done
5/25/2020 - updated 154 with feedback from heena, assigned 1 remaining comment to myself and 1 to Heena
5/25/2020 - pushed PR to uat to see if I missed exporting anything
5/25/2020 - lunching
5/25/2020 - lunch done for a bit, been working on other reports
5/25/2020 - have the second report mostly setup
5/25/2020 - waste weekly meeting in 10
5/25/2020 - in waste meeting now
5/25/2020 - waste meeting done
=====================
2020-05-26 08:16:41.083423 -06:00
=====================
5/26/2020 - prepping for the day
5/26/2020 - prepping for the day
5/26/2020 - working on student courses taken report view
5/26/2020 - kind of running into a wall, need to pull the course start and end dates but they are not available as fields
5/26/2020 - coffee time
5/26/2020 - working on reports again
5/26/2020 - prepping for waste card chat with dylan
5/26/2020 - chat with dylan done, in standup/sprint planning
5/26/2020 - morning meetings done
5/26/2020 - been working on course report, relationship is the ticket (thanks heena)
5/26/2020 - exporting courses report
5/26/2020 - created PR 156 for reports branch, asked for review
5/26/2020 - lunching
5/26/2020 - lunch done for a while.  working on member profile pr updates
5/26/2020 - nope, taking a few mins to get reports PR into QA.  need to change the view titles, since they were duplicated they're all the same
5/26/2020 - dropped some testing instructions into the issue https://yellowpencil.leankit.com/card/930684952/comments
5/26/2020 - 1:1 done, heading out
=====================
2020-05-27 08:14:54.218161 -06:00
=====================
5/27/2020 - prepping for the day
5/27/2020 - had to delete the old opt in field and recreate, which means I have to rebuild the whole view apparently
5/27/2020 - rebuilt the view as well, to be safe, but I confirmed it worked before sending to clare
5/27/2020 - working on member profile feedback now
5/27/2020 - clare asking questions about how to qa the courses report pulled me back on this task
5/27/2020 - ok fixed a small bug where multiple courses would render multiple rows for 1 user
5/27/2020 - sending explanation of why it works now
5/27/2020 - nah changed it again, also exposing a user name filter because each person has multiple rows (one for each course they took)
5/27/2020 - changed up the filters but now it looks good and seems more usable to me, I think this one will be wrapped shortly (waiting on cassidy to respond)
5/27/2020 - moving on to member profile again in the short term
5/27/2020 - pausing for lunch
5/27/2020 - lunch done for a bit, working on member profile
5/27/2020 - got some clarity around heena's suggestion for the template, implementing now
5/27/2020 - can't straight drag/drop into the new dir and rename the file, needs to be modified pretty significantly as well (all variables are different)
5/27/2020 - basically stuck on member profile until heena can provide more insight, the suggestions use a totally different set of fields in something called a profile that I have never seen before and don't know how to use
5/27/2020 - in COEWDI meeting
5/27/2020 - meeting done, heading out
=====================
2020-05-28 08:21:20.568478 -06:00
=====================
5/28/2020 - prepping for the day
5/28/2020 - been working on member profile updates for a bit
5/28/2020 - there is no profile tab on my local, asking for help
5/28/2020 - reviewing a couple PRs for don while I wait for heena to come online
5/28/2020 - coffee time
5/28/2020 - in standup now
5/28/2020 - standup done
5/28/2020 - reviewing this for Don
5/28/2020 - approved, most changes are css which I don't really review
5/28/2020 - heena and I have a meeting this aft to figure out the profile-type fields thing, moving on to COEWDI in the mean time
5/28/2020 - creating cards defined here https://www.notion.so/prieber/Ryan-Dylan-waste-card-creation-185a5c70a9ea4d76a0d60bb079d8d76c
5/28/2020 - listening in on mark's brunch & learn while I make cards
5/28/2020 - lunching
5/28/2020 - back from lunch
5/28/2020 - in member profile chat w/heena now
5/28/2020 - ok now I have a profile that doesn't say page not found and does pull some info.  need to make some changes to my template still, but should be possible to dump user info now
5/28/2020 - going to finish making cards for COEWDI first
5/28/2020 - filtered to see all my new cards and there are a whole bunch of very similar cards already there, asked dylan whats up with that (maybe I have the wrong task prefix or something)

5/28/2020 - nope, the duplicates were just made by dylan at some point in the past.  why I was asked to create new ones without being told about the existence of the old ones is a bit confusing, though I did make 1 or 2 that we didn't discuss
5/28/2020 - almost done combining some of the tickets
5/28/2020 - just going to reuse most of the old cards as they have better acceptance criteria
5/28/2020 - asked what to do with the old cards I don't need (he has cards for each endpoint in the prototype, we aren't building most of those in this phase)
5/28/2020 - pausing to review some PRs for don
5/28/2020 - only one comment on the 5 he assigned me, using array_sum to determine if an array has items is.. odd, but technically works.  didn't want to take my suggestion, and since this comes down to just a differing of opinions on which function to call it's not a hill worth dying on
5/28/2020 - that was AUPE PR 1502
5/28/2020 - dylan has not responded to my question yet so I'm going to move on to member profile and call this done (deleting old cards can be done at any time anyways)
5/28/2020 - on member profile updates.  testing using the aurora profile (profiles are not user accounts, likely the member list view will require updating as well)
5/28/2020 - this suggestion is more of a re-implementation request than a review comment, my work needs to be changed significantly
5/28/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-05-29 08:11:51.324710 -06:00
=====================
=====================
2020-05-29 08:12:00.986863 -06:00
=====================
5/29/2020 - prepping for the day
5/29/2020 - prepping for the day
5/29/2020 - prepping for the day
5/29/2020 - prepping for the day
5/29/2020 - prepping for the day
5/29/2020 - prepping for the day
5/29/2020 - have to change some of the profile fields so they aren't plain text fields, and the template to accommodate how some of the other fields were built, but it should be possible to get this done today
5/29/2020 - ok most profile fields have been changed so they pull data from the profile.  2 things left, the contact links are a repeater field and I need to change the registered in/con ed fields to use the appropriate taxonomies (my existing code should work as-is or with very minor modification)
5/29/2020 - coffee time
5/29/2020 - in weekly wrapup now
5/29/2020 - meetings done
5/29/2020 - meetings done
5/29/2020 - reviewing heena's pr so she can proceed with her task, sounds like it just needs to be in uat for emails to send cuz preview won't run sendmail or smtp
5/29/2020 - approved, but very much in progress
5/29/2020 - on member profile again
5/29/2020 - confirmed I can keep the spec/coned fields on user instead of profile, which means I shouldn't have to rewrite much of my existing code that aggregates those fields together
5/29/2020 - those fields are working and tested, on to the contact fields now
5/29/2020 - contact fields tested and working now too
5/29/2020 - ok, waiting for my preview to build.  should be all good this time
5/29/2020 - lunching
5/29/2020 - back from lunch for a bit, have been working on fixing the merge conflict in my uat branch (only saw it on GH, didn't show on my local env?)

5/29/2020 - fixed my silly mistake which broke preview (didn't rename all array keys), setting up the test member user with a profile so people can QA it now
5/29/2020 - kaizen in 3 mins
5/29/2020 - kaizen done, nothing to do this week
5/29/2020 - setting up aurora user profile
5/29/2020 - ok I setup the member profile on preview for QA, pushed card into clare's queue
5/29/2020 - moving on to the certifications 'not showing up' error clare found while QAing reports, think its just that we don't have taxonomy items created for it or something easy like that
5/29/2020 - confirmed the issue on local + preview
5/29/2020 - nope, I take that back, seems to be working..
5/29/2020 - yeah I think it works.  have asked clare for some reproduction instructions
5/29/2020 - we figured it out, its a UX issue.  she was using the form wrong because its kind of ambiguous.  I'm updating the field labels to help mitigate, but I think each report will need a description
5/29/2020 - prevew sites have stopped reflecting any changes I make on the reports branch, no idea why.  have asked adam who was on call, maybe someone from mas can help
5/29/2020 - this is to get the reports PR in master
=====================
2020-06-01 08:27:08.547570 -06:00
=====================
6/1/2020 - ok so the problem with my builds this morning is an expired SSL cert on the onpoint side of things.  believe I have fixed the problem, just need to have MAS fix that issue before I can see the changes
6/1/2020 - doing my timesheet while I wait for adam/mas to fix things
6/1/2020 - time up to date
6/1/2020 - coffee time
6/1/2020 - back
6/1/2020 - note to self, I committed to demoing AFLCA reports on friday oh god why do I do this to myself
6/1/2020 - task is done, its just a live demo in front of the whole company ugh
6/1/2020 - in standup
6/1/2020 - standup done
6/1/2020 - in drupal meeting now
6/1/2020 - updating my personal drupal wiki with details on how to build multiple member profiles
6/1/2020 - lunching
6/1/2020 - lunch done for a bit, working on coe
6/1/2020 - asked for reviews on both my open PRs.  they've been QA'd already
6/1/2020 - this is the task ID for initial laravel app setup card
6/1/2020 - COEWDI meeting in 3
6/1/2020 - notes - https://www.notion.so/prieber/Waste-weekly-internal-0a93d63632c44838a7487205ec165c46
6/1/2020 - note to self, attach the old cards to the new epics
6/1/2020 - once again, there are build problems with a PR
6/1/2020 - fixing 154 as it is not building properly.  also responding to some emails
6/1/2020 - monthly retro in 5
6/1/2020 - all my PRs are failing for extremely weird reasons
6/1/2020 - in monthly retro now
6/1/2020 - looks like this will be cancelled as randall isn't here yet
6/1/2020 - I am blocked from moving on by the random, completely unrelated build errors.  why in the fuck is this happening to me, today, for BOTH PRS????
6/1/2020 - ok, reports (168 now) has rebuilt properly.  this is the master PR
6/1/2020 - was working on setting up COE laravel app locally while I wait for drupal build issue to be fixed but is hometime now
=====================
2020-06-02 08:21:00.556595 -06:00
=====================
6/2/2020 - prepping for the day
6/2/2020 - prepping for the day
6/2/2020 - prepping for the day
6/2/2020 - 3 errors came up after adam/dylan fixed whatever they fixed.  1st is something csim should tell me, 2nd and 3rd appear to be failing unit tests that we don't even use so I dunno what to do there yet
6/2/2020 - ok, this SHOULD be sorted out now
6/2/2020 - working on COEWDI now
6/2/2020 - installing docker so I can run this locally
6/2/2020 - docker, my old nemesis, is once again being an incredible pain to use.  hopefully this is only a problem during setup
6/2/2020 - docker is still doing stuff, it's been like 20 minutes
6/2/2020 - standup now
6/2/2020 - note to self, just do the card assignment thing right after standup as I keep forgetting if I put it off lol
6/2/2020 - it appears to have finished, but am working on assigning my cards to the right epics now
6/2/2020 - lunching
6/2/2020 - done
6/2/2020 - reviewing some PRs for don
6/2/2020 - approved 1511
6/2/2020 - reviewing secure documents
6/2/2020 - done.  merging my aflca branches to master real quick
6/2/2020 - member profile was easy, just fixed the merge conflicts on 27290 aka reports, merging to master shortly
6/2/2020 - merged, deleting my branches and moving fully to COEWDI
6/2/2020 - I have no idea if I'm doing this right, do not understand why this is one of my tasks at all
6/2/2020 - the leankit interface still blows after 5 years, lol
6/2/2020 - reviewing this for don
6/2/2020 - this is the master -> prod merge, scanned for obvious issues but I've reviewed these changes 3 times now and trust they are good
6/2/2020 - trying to figure out how to test/modify the laravel app
6/2/2020 - does not load at http://localhost, playing with port config in docker-compose.yml but so far no luck
6/2/2020 - yep, docker is still a nightmare
6/2/2020 - trying the DMG from docker store to see if that does anything differently
6/2/2020 - it does nothing as far as I can tell, or at least doesn't integrate with docker-compose in any way
6/2/2020 - the docker ecosystem is still fragmented and useless. multiple tools with similar names, dozens of ways to use each one.  good luck googling for any of this shit
6/2/2020 - omg it works now, dylan had to walk me thru it tho.  main issue was the terminal session was using a docker binary that I removed, or was cached, or something, basically it was not connected to the 'real' docker instance
6/2/2020 - well at least its sorted, will work on task tomorrow as it's EOD now
=====================
2020-06-03 08:19:56.403517 -06:00
=====================
6/3/2020 - prepping for the day
6/3/2020 - been working on 28820, good progress
6/3/2020 - reviewing this for don
6/3/2020 - requested changes as there are a few die statements left
6/3/2020 - dropped WDI standup update in chat
6/3/2020 - coffee time
6/3/2020 - back on dialogflow endpoint
6/3/2020 - wrote a couple bash functions to help me install/run things in the docker container more easily
6/3/2020 - looking at the cards real quick, removing duplicate parents.  will ask randall about 'dollar figures' and add effort estimates as well
6/3/2020 - not sure about this https://yellowpencil.leankit.com/card/1018948038
6/3/2020 - or this https://yellowpencil.leankit.com/card/1018855047
6/3/2020 - or this https://yellowpencil.leankit.com/card/1018851532
6/3/2020 - notified randall about those, haven't asked about the dollar values or done the effort estimates yet
6/3/2020 - in waste model meeting now
6/3/2020 - meeting done
6/3/2020 - lunching
6/3/2020 - done
6/3/2020 - working on laravel df endpoint again
6/3/2020 - current progress is that it can't find my controller for some reason argh
6/3/2020 - fixed it, returns my method now

6/3/2020 - implementing basic auth now
6/3/2020 - likely going to have to do some kind of client authentication via basic auth, maybe with a table of clients that only stores a username and password
6/3/2020 - have asked dylan what he thinks of that
6/3/2020 - yup, moving ahead with the definition of a simple clients table (may just use users table) and use that for auth.  alternatives are hardcoding in ENV
6/3/2020 - basic auth implemented with user/pass hardcoded in the .env file
6/3/2020 - returning a quick json response now
6/3/2020 - re-reviewing a PR for don
6/3/2020 - first PR up for review, asked heena
6/3/2020 - COEWDI client update meeting in 5
6/3/2020 - in meeting now
6/3/2020 - meeting done
6/3/2020 - done for the day, heading out
=====================
2020-06-04 08:15:46.437391 -06:00
=====================
6/4/2020 - prepping for the day
6/4/2020 - prepping for the day
6/4/2020 - prepping for the day
6/4/2020 - prepping for the day
6/4/2020 - prepping for the day
6/4/2020 - prepping for the day
6/4/2020 - hello
6/4/2020 - prepping for the day
6/4/2020 - prepping for the day
6/4/2020 - prepping for the day
6/4/2020 - prepping for the day
6/4/2020 - next task will be epic https://yellowpencil.leankit.com/card/1091027785, card 30184
6/4/2020 - standup in 5
6/4/2020 - been triaging emails for a bit
6/4/2020 - in standup now
6/4/2020 - volunteered to help paul setup a WP site for his friend, its the kind of project I don't see myself slacking on because it should be like set it and forget it
6/4/2020 - lunching
6/4/2020 - back
6/4/2020 - working on 30184, evaluating the suggested library
6/4/2020 - the code doesn't specifically mention knowledge at all, so I'm reading the DF docs to see if maybe a knowledge connector is a 'type' of response rather than something for which an object/class is defined
6/4/2020 - pinged dylan about that, he thinks its either in another lib entirely or we would just use the GCP php lib. am ok with it either way, tho the latter will take more time I suspect (as we will inevitably build our own lib on top of the GCP API)
6/4/2020 - sounds like we will go the rest route but dylan is going to do a bit more research first
6/4/2020 - prepping for AFLCA demo now
6/4/2020 - found 2 bugs that I've patched, one has been deployed to uat and the other is approved but has seemingly broke the preview build system so it isn't merged yet
6/4/2020 - the un-merged issue is just the csv export link on uat for the subscribers report, so I just won't click that during the demo
6/4/2020 - been in aflca meeting for 10 mins
6/4/2020 - some config is failing to import? something about business rules
6/4/2020 - that particular module is in composer.json on my branch, why is it complaining about it not existing
6/4/2020 - AFLCA meeting done
6/4/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-06-05 08:18:12.889263 -06:00
=====================
6/5/2020 - prepping for the day
6/5/2020 - prepping for the day
6/5/2020 - prepping for the day
6/5/2020 - prepping for the day
6/5/2020 - prepping for the day
6/5/2020 - chatting with dylan real quick on the solution for pulling KB data from DF
6/5/2020 - chat done
6/5/2020 - merged 28820 into uat + master
6/5/2020 - coffee time
6/5/2020 - in weekly wrapup now
6/5/2020 - wrapup and demo done.  only a little bit stressful but it went well, didn't ramble or lose my train of thought
6/5/2020 - in standup; need to ask cassidy what specifically I should do to prep for the epic review meeting because I'm not 100% clear (she has the same ask)
6/5/2020 - definition of done, which I believe each task has?
6/5/2020 - standup done
6/5/2020 - asked randall to confirm what he wants me to do
6/5/2020 - in waste model meeting since 11
6/5/2020 - spend some time before the next meeting making an EER diagram version of the miro board for myself, but consider sharing it if it provides some value
6/5/2020 - lunching
6/5/2020 - reviewing my cards to make sure they have done definitions
6/5/2020 - feeling like this whole process is pointless.  the epic titles provide the information they need, then they want a bunch of child card stuff copy pasted in? why
6/5/2020 - unless the point is to just duplicate effort so that some PM or whomever can avoid looking at child cards, but I don't care about that
6/5/2020 - epics aren't in my scope, that's what PMs and shit are for
6/5/2020 - seems like you could just click on the child cards, but don't let me tell you how to do your job
6/5/2020 - the bigger question that SHOULD actually be asked, maybe during my 1:1, is why this work (populating epic cards with definitions of done) is being assigned by PMs? the child cards contain all the action items, that's my level.  I don't use or interact with epics, so why am I the one populating them with content?  either way this seems like PM-level busy work, you don't pay me for that
6/5/2020 - maybe dylan should have been asked to do this, he seems to know what needed to be in each one.  I have no idea, I don't have the context he does
6/5/2020 - in kaizen now
6/5/2020 - kaizen done
6/5/2020 - https://www.notion.so/prieber/Kaizen-06-05-8253a8aa80a84cb782b53f976b16aed7
6/5/2020 - been working on cards for the changes that need to happen based on what dylan found yesterday
=====================
2020-06-08 08:29:43.821252 -06:00
=====================
6/8/2020 - prepping for the day
6/8/2020 - prepping for the day
6/8/2020 - prepping for the day
6/8/2020 - prepping for the day
6/8/2020 - prepping for the day
6/8/2020 - prepping for the day
6/8/2020 - prepping for the day
6/8/2020 - prepping for the day
6/8/2020 - prepping for the day
6/8/2020 - prepping for the day
6/8/2020 - prepping for the day
6/8/2020 - prepping for the day
6/8/2020 - prepping for the day
6/8/2020 - test
6/8/2020 - test
=====================
2020-06-09 08:29:01.896224 -06:00
=====================
6/9/2020 - prepping for the day
6/9/2020 - starting a new task in COEWDI
6/9/2020 - create an endpoint that serves the front end JS code through the api
6/9/2020 - for reasons unknown, the app has decided it can't read ENV vars anymore
6/9/2020 - ah, had to run config:clear.  fixed
6/9/2020 - almost done, but need coffee before meetings
6/9/2020 - finishing up this task, need to read the file contents and put them into the response json
6/9/2020 - will be moving most of the code in this JS controller to a service, separation of concerns
6/9/2020 - in standup
6/9/2020 - standup done
6/9/2020 - 1:1 in 5
6/9/2020 - in 1:1
6/9/2020 - note to self, when PRs are stuck in pending we need more visibility into that process
6/9/2020 - 1:1 done
6/9/2020 - moving controller logic to service now
6/9/2020 - odd error, a facade root has not been set.. investigating now
6/9/2020 - no solution yet.  this is an after lunch problem
6/9/2020 - lunching
6/9/2020 - back and working on the facade has no root issue again
6/9/2020 - ok some progress, it seems to be using the wrong testcase base class.. but using the 'right' one also doesn't work
6/9/2020 - fixed, the problem is indeed due to the wrong namespace for TestCase class.  should be Tests\TestCase not the PHPUnit one
6/9/2020 - working on the doc for 30192 for a bit
6/9/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-06-10 08:26:50.990077 -06:00
=====================
6/10/2020 - prepping for the day
6/10/2020 - prepping for the day
6/10/2020 - been working on this doc for a bit, almost done (doesn't need to be very fleshed out yet)

6/10/2020 - in standup
6/10/2020 - note to self, I can share the postman setup I have for QA purposes but it would require locally running the app
6/10/2020 - standup done
6/10/2020 - finishing up my doc
6/10/2020 - doc done, will be a living doc anyways so this is a fine start
6/10/2020 - asked if there is anywhere to share it
6/10/2020 - I guess I can create a page for it but I dunno where so I'll just do that so I can move on from this task
6/10/2020 - that's done and included in the JS endpoint PR
6/10/2020 - lunching
6/10/2020 - lunch done, working on AFLCA
6/10/2020 - this doesn't have a card yet but I'm modifying the email subs report to use sub/unsub dates instead of just a checkbox
6/10/2020 - weekly waste meeting in 3
6/10/2020 - in waste meeting
6/10/2020 - pushed a PR for these aflca changes (marketing email opt in is now 2 date fields)
6/10/2020 - waiting for preview to build so I can QA it before I get it QA'd
6/10/2020 - ok I have to make a card for this now
6/10/2020 - also the waste meeting is over
6/10/2020 - card created + assigned to clare
6/10/2020 - she won't get to it until tomorrow anyways so no big deal
6/10/2020 - pushing changes to 174 as well but am not sure if they will fix it, may just delete and try again
6/10/2020 - those changes apparently did fix it, so I merged to UAT.  creating one for master now
6/10/2020 - something is wrong with the UAT build and heena says we need to remove some patch but it's my EOD and I don't know what that even means anyways so I'm just pushing the changes in 174 to master now and heading out
6/10/2020 - well, I'm pushing them to PR for review + preview build, not directly to master obvs
6/10/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-06-11 08:20:42.610733 -06:00
=====================
6/11/2020 - doing a bit of research for paul's side project
6/11/2020 - done that, getting coffee
6/11/2020 - standup done
6/11/2020 - standup done
6/11/2020 - prepping preview build for demo
6/11/2020 - preview is good to go, won't show much interaction anyways.  just going to describe the changes and show what it looks like
6/11/2020 - in aflca weekly meeting now
6/11/2020 - demo done, went well and took all of 2 minutes
6/11/2020 - lunching
6/11/2020 - back
6/11/2020 - been triaging some emails for a bit
6/11/2020 - in domain modelling meeting now
6/11/2020 - domain modelling meeting done
6/11/2020 - clare found an issue on aflca, looking now
6/11/2020 - ah, caused by the view ignoring rows that have opt out set at all (not null).  should be <= date
6/11/2020 - believe I have it fixed now.  just waiting for preview to build
6/11/2020 - believe I have it fixed now.  just waiting for preview to build
6/11/2020 - believe I have it fixed now.  just waiting for preview to build
6/11/2020 - believe I have it fixed now.  just waiting for preview to build
6/11/2020 - believe I have it fixed now.  just waiting for preview to build
6/11/2020 - ok it's sorted and on preview, waiting for clare to review
6/11/2020 - monthly retro done, heading out
=====================
2020-06-12 08:40:55.634844 -06:00
=====================
6/12/2020 - prepping for the day
6/12/2020 - prepping for the day
6/12/2020 - prepping for the day
6/12/2020 - prepping for the day
6/12/2020 - prepping for the day
6/12/2020 - email opt in field changes to master PR is up and review requested
6/12/2020 - lunching
6/12/2020 - lunch done
6/12/2020 - in kaizen
6/12/2020 - kaizen done
6/12/2020 - reviewing other PRs so someone will review mine
6/12/2020 - all PRs besides mine are reviewed and approved, or left comments
6/12/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-06-15 08:24:57.115925 -06:00
=====================
6/15/2020 - prepping for the day
6/15/2020 - weekly meeting done
6/15/2020 - in standup
6/15/2020 - jay needs some weird extended resume stuff for one particular RFP
6/15/2020 - needs it by EOD tomorrow
6/15/2020 - lunching
6/15/2020 - reviewing don's aflca homepage pr
6/15/2020 - card made for changes we need to make due to KB data not being supported via standard DF fulfilment lib
6/15/2020 - reviewing don's PR again (got sidetracked)

6/15/2020 - would approve it but he changed one of the deps from a hard version to the dev branch which I personally think is dangerous
6/15/2020 - merged COEWDI PR4 too
6/15/2020 - created branch for merging this to master
6/15/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-06-16 08:26:10.454455 -06:00
=====================
6/16/2020 - prepping for the day
6/16/2020 - in standup; I will be doing some AUPE
6/16/2020 - standup done for a bit, been working on this coe-wdi task
6/16/2020 - in team 2 epic review
6/16/2020 - epic review done
6/16/2020 - lunching
6/16/2020 - been working on what goes where/recollect api wrapper for a bit - making a generic api service for both DF and RC api requests
6/16/2020 - I can send requests to recollect via postman but it returns an empty string when I send thru the apiservice class
6/16/2020 - confirmed I can send this request thru the container via curl CLI so it isn't a networking issue
6/16/2020 - haha I am an idiot, I removed the response body because  and that removed the response data, so the test failed.  lovely, fixed
6/16/2020 - good place to break for the day, taking off for the day
=====================
2020-06-17 08:21:47.480314 -06:00
=====================
6/17/2020 - prepping for the day
6/17/2020 - prepping for the day
6/17/2020 - prepping for the day
6/17/2020 - prepping for the day
6/17/2020 - testing
6/17/2020 - testing
6/17/2020 - testing
=====================
2020-06-18 08:24:22.738536 -06:00
=====================
6/18/2020 - prepping for the day
6/18/2020 - prepping for the day
6/18/2020 - prepping for the day
6/18/2020 - prepping for the day
6/18/2020 - prepping for the day
6/18/2020 - prepping for the day
6/18/2020 - prepping for the day
6/18/2020 - testing
6/18/2020 - lunching
6/18/2020 - oh great notes are recording again, wonderful, fantastic, love this stupid api
6/18/2020 - lunch done
6/18/2020 - working on connecting recollect calls to DF endpoint again
6/18/2020 - not as much progress this aft.  heading out early as I worked late yesterday
=====================
2020-06-19 08:31:12.640157 -06:00
=====================
6/19/2020 - prepping for the day
6/19/2020 - prepping for the day
6/19/2020 - prepping for the day
6/19/2020 - prepping for the day
6/19/2020 - been working on connecting the WGW stuff to DF
6/19/2020 - prepping for the day
6/19/2020 - testing
6/19/2020 - testing
=====================
2020-06-22 08:39:51.660391 -06:00
=====================
6/22/2020 - prepping for the day
6/22/2020 - prepping for the day
6/22/2020 - lunching
6/22/2020 - in COEWDI internal meeting since 130
6/22/2020 - meeting finished around 230, have been working on DF endpoint ever since.  almost done, 99% there - currently changing the api auth method and refactoring but it works
6/22/2020 - changed auth to work on authorization header alone, will finish refactoring tomorrow
6/22/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-06-23 08:39:24.251091 -06:00
=====================
6/23/2020 - prepping for the day
6/23/2020 - prepping for the day
6/23/2020 - prepping for the day
6/23/2020 - prepping for the day
6/23/2020 - prepping for the day
6/23/2020 - testing
=====================
2020-06-24 08:20:56.360456 -06:00
=====================
6/24/2020 - prepping for the day
6/24/2020 - prepping for the day
6/24/2020 - prepping for the day
6/24/2020 - in standup
6/24/2020 - testing
6/24/2020 - in standup
6/24/2020 - lunching
=====================
2020-06-25 08:31:34.033486 -06:00
=====================
6/25/2020 - prepping for the day
6/25/2020 - testing
=====================
2020-06-26 08:23:18.746505 -06:00
=====================
=====================
2020-06-26 08:48:01.697132 -06:00
=====================
=====================
2020-06-26 08:48:04.409410 -06:00
=====================
=====================
2020-06-26 08:48:27.435641 -06:00
=====================
6/26/2020 - prepping for the day
6/26/2020 - finishing up the collection reminder stuff (still a few questions pending w/Dylan but I have a bit I can do in the mean time)
6/26/2020 - collection schedule now works, at least in testing, but I need my other PR merged to integrate it into the DF endpoint
6/26/2020 - in weekly wrapup
6/26/2020 - also modifying how api requests work to improve error handling a bit, found a problem with data being buried when some API requests fail
6/26/2020 - all morning meetings done, had an extra one with dylan to see if I could help fix his config issue but I wasn't able to
6/26/2020 - lunching
6/26/2020 - in monthly retro
6/26/2020 - been busy on collection schedule epic.  believe I have the reminder stuff done, just need PR 14 in master so I can connect it to the DF endpoint.  service ID issue sorted.  implemented a simple response object.  currently working on the getNextCollection method (pre-refactoring, so it looks like shite)
6/26/2020 - have the next collection stuff done but the implementation is not tested yet because I don't know if I should be handling multiple intents
6/26/2020 - sent question to dylan but he won't respond until monday anyways, no worries
6/26/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-06-29 08:33:17.486278 -06:00
=====================
6/29/2020 - prepping for the day
6/29/2020 - in standup
6/29/2020 - flagged my time issues with the team
6/29/2020 - been working on 28836 while I wait for an answer from dylan on my intents question
6/29/2020 - lunching/appointment
=====================
2020-06-30 08:34:57.077586 -06:00
=====================
6/30/2020 - in standup
6/30/2020 - fixed a minor issue in 28828 where I forgot to implement the array mode function, pushed the change to UAT for review
6/30/2020 - lunching
6/30/2020 - lunch done, working on timesheet
6/30/2020 - in AFLCA reports chat w/becki and cassidy
6/30/2020 - aflca reports meeting done, basically just a handoff for becki to understand the current knowledge about reports
6/30/2020 - in waste weekly meeting now
6/30/2020 - weekly meeting done, dylan gave the dev update
6/30/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-07-02 08:26:23.587632 -06:00
=====================
7/2/2020 - prepping for the day
7/2/2020 - prepping for the day
7/2/2020 - been working on 30775 this morning
7/2/2020 - this is basically done but the original implementation doesn't query recollect so I will spend a bit of time figuring that piece out
7/2/2020 - back from appt and lunch
7/2/2020 - working on service notifications again
7/2/2020 - finished the updates I wanted to make to service notifications
7/2/2020 - adding a few more tests to collection schedule PR, previously we weren't testing the intent handlers directly
7/2/2020 - in aflca weekly meeting now
7/2/2020 - done, making the same changes to 28836
7/2/2020 - starting on that while we chat with the client
7/2/2020 - that's done, and I am blocked on my other cards until dylan gets back on monday
7/2/2020 - also client meeting is done
7/2/2020 - will be moving on to AUPE shortly
7/2/2020 - started setting up AUPE locally
7/2/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-07-03 08:36:23.101141 -06:00
=====================
7/3/2020 - prepping for the day
7/3/2020 - in weekly wrapup
7/3/2020 - morning meetings done a while ago, been working on setting up aupe
7/3/2020 - lunching
7/3/2020 - in kaizen since 130
7/3/2020 - making progress with aupe setup, no problems yet
7/3/2020 - taking a quick break to look at what chris sent for conversation flow
7/3/2020 - responded to chris' email with comment about spontaneous questions
7/3/2020 - working on aupe setup again
=====================
2020-07-06 08:28:26.890689 -06:00
=====================
7/6/2020 - prepping for the day
7/6/2020 - prepping for the day
7/6/2020 - in standup
7/6/2020 - some of the morning was on aupe setup
7/6/2020 - I won't be on aupe much today, dylan is back and has left a few comments on my PRs

7/6/2020 - lunching
7/6/2020 - lunch done, in COE planning session
7/6/2020 - that meeting done, in weekly internal waste meeting now
7/6/2020 - meeting done
7/6/2020 - working on a bit of a refactor on service requests
7/6/2020 - refactored how intents are handled at the controller level (in service request branch, will have to implement all the others I've built so far as well), started working on API call to create service reminders but it is EOD
7/6/2020 - also, dylan provided a bunch of good info on service requests in the PR so I will be able to finish this one now
7/6/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-07-07 08:14:07.403013 -06:00
=====================
7/7/2020 - prepping for the day
7/7/2020 - I think the biggest change to make to the 28836 branch is output contexts, the python library seems to handle it automatically?
7/7/2020 - adding the handlers and tests for the eco station address and hours requests that I missed
7/7/2020 - figured out the weird test issue, was calling the wrong function lol.  fixed, pushing now
7/7/2020 - working on the output contexts now
7/7/2020 - brief pause for 1:1
7/7/2020 - back on output contexts
7/7/2020 - lunching
7/7/2020 - done
7/7/2020 - figuring out how to handle output contexts
7/7/2020 - may be duplicating some effort here but I need to get output contexts into some kind of response object and I don't have time to vet that against the other implementation in the other branch.  will fix that later
7/7/2020 - making a lot of progress towards implementing the new dialogflowresponse object but still have not tackled sending OC's back to DF
7/7/2020 - done implementing dialogflowresponse, working on sending OCs back to DF
7/7/2020 - think I'm almost there, not sure exactly what I need to populate in the response object to send the OC back but I think it's just 'outputContext'
7/7/2020 - almost there, found some output context docs in the lib and am now getting errors about how each one needs a name - big progress
7/7/2020 - ok figured it out and have pushed to uat integration branch for review
7/7/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-07-08 10:14:02.118564 -06:00
=====================
7/8/2020 - forgot to create the note until just now lol whoops
7/8/2020 - forgot to create the note until just now lol whoops
7/8/2020 - forgot to create the note until just now lol whoops
7/8/2020 - forgot to create the note until just now lol whoops
7/8/2020 - forgot to create the note until just now lol whoops
7/8/2020 - forgot to create the note until just now lol whoops
7/8/2020 - forgot to create the note until just now lol whoops
7/8/2020 - ok now I can log stuff, wonderful thanks evernote
7/8/2020 - morning was spent poking away at the 3 open PRs (1 was merged but not reviewed). not sure how to approach some of dylan's comments so I just asked if he could review again and provide more
7/8/2020 - specifically those where he says 'I assume this wasn't tested', when the tests are included in the PR
7/8/2020 - will see if this is a trend, if there is any subtext to this kind of comment (there usually is), or what the deal is as we go on I guess
7/8/2020 - this afternoon has several meetings, not sure I will have any more time for this project today
7/8/2020 - ok meetings are done now
7/8/2020 - almost done, just working through some of the test failures that come from the refactoring done on PR 16
7/8/2020 - merged all the changes from 16 into 17 and let dylan know he can review that, but to ignore 18 cuz it isn't done anyways
7/8/2020 - heading out
=====================
2020-07-09 08:23:11.731709 -06:00
=====================
7/9/2020 - prepping for the day
7/9/2020 - responded to a message dylan sent last night about the config vars not being populated and throwing an exception
7/9/2020 - maybe I should wrap that basic auth stuff in a try
7/9/2020 - the magic command is config:clear
7/9/2020 - working on merging this branch into uat so we can continue testing
7/9/2020 - in gather content training now
7/9/2020 - gather content meeting done
7/9/2020 - aflca meeting done
7/9/2020 - lunching
7/9/2020 - back
7/9/2020 - started addressing the 2 issues raised by dylan during his testing
7/9/2020 - merging the latest changes from uat into 28828 branch first tho
7/9/2020 - the whole end to end test doesn't work for some reason, debugging now
7/9/2020 - interesting, my address allows us to test the multiple addresses condition
7/9/2020 - some addresses result in 'deadline exceeded' which.. wtf does that mean
7/9/2020 - ok it's some google error.  This will happen only if the caller sets a deadline that is shorter than the method's default deadline (i.e. requested deadline is not enough for the server to process the request) and the request did not finish within the deadline.
7/9/2020 - where are we setting deadlines wtf
7/9/2020 - ok so the json payloads I send during testing work, but not the ones sent by DF
7/9/2020 - narrowing this issue down
7/9/2020 - actually no, this has nothing to do with json, so I guess the address param isn't coming through?
7/9/2020 - ok ignoring all that for now so I can get the latest changes merged
7/9/2020 - hmm, I may have done that? weird
